M0269MD-21 Mock Framework (#980)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/mock.rst

- In a Mock project, JavaFX is added as a compile-time dependency, its content is not included in the Mock.
- If your VEE Port contains at least one Mock, JavaFX must be added to the VEE Port project in order to embed its content in the VEE Port.  

Mock Framework
==============

The Mock Framework is a framework, based on JavaFX, that aims to ease the development of mock UIs.

The Mock Framework provides a set of widgets. It allows to automatically generate the native method implementation
of an application and link it with the widgets of the mock UI.

.. figure:: images/mock-framework-RT595_VirtualDevice_WearableDemo.png
   :alt: Mock Framework used to mock Heart Rate sensor on Wearable Demo
   :align: center
   :scale: 75 %

   Mock Framework used to mock Heart Rate sensor on Wearable Demo.

Usage
-----

The following steps should be followed to create a mock using Mock Framework:

- Create a Mock Framework Property to bind the native method to mock to the mock UI,
- Create a Dashboard, 

> - Add widgets.

Reviewer: I updated the paragraph, let me know if it's enough

.. code-block:: java

   package com.microej.example;

   public class RandomService {

      private RandomService() {
      }

      /**
      * Gets the service state.
      *
      * @return true if the service is enabled, false otherwise.
      */
      public static native boolean getEnable();

      /**
      * Sets the service state.
      *
      * @param enable
      *            enables or disables the service.
      */
      public static native void setEnable(boolean enable);

      ...

The native method implementation code can be generated using the following attributes in the Property annotation:

- ``getter="<method name>"`` for the native method that retrieves a value from the mock.
- ``setter="<method name>"`` for the native method that sets a value in the mock.

.. code-block:: java

    @Property(getter = "com.microej.example.RandomService.getEnable")
    public class MyProperty extends BooleanProperty {
        ...
    }

or

.. code-block:: java

    @Property(getter = "com.microej.example.RandomService.getEnable", setter = "com.microej.example.RandomService.setEnable")
    public class MyProperty extends BooleanProperty {
        ...
    }

> These attributes are optional. When not specified, the corresponding code will not be generated. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These attributes are optional. When no attribute is specified, the corresponding code will not be generated. 
```

The ``<method name>`` is the fully qualified name of the method, 
it must contain the package, the name of the class in which the native is implemented, and the native method name. 
It must not contain parenthesis and arguments.

Note that the class containing the ``getter`` and the ``setter`` can be different.

Property values can be changed from the mock code with ``getValue()`` and ``setValue()`` methods:

.. code-block:: java

   /* Get MyProperty value */
   boolean state = MockupApplication.getProperty(MyProperty.class).getValue();
   
   /* Set MyProperty value */
   MockupApplication.getProperty(MyProperty.class).setValue(!state);

Mock Framework Widgets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Mock Framework provides some widgets to manipulate properties.

Interacting with the widget modifies the underlying property,

> and in the contrary, updating the property value modifies the state of the widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and similarly, updating the property value modifies the state of the widget.
```

Examples
--------

- `Mock Framework Examples <TODO>`__ demonstrate the use of the Mock Framework.

Installation
------------

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: SDK 5

      - Add the Mock Framework dependency to your Mock project:

         .. code-block:: xml

            <dependency org="com.microej.library.mock" name="mock-framework" rev="1.0.1" />

      - Add the JavaFX dependency to your Mock project which is required to compile the mock:

         .. code-block:: xml

            <dependency org="com.microej.tool" name="javafx" rev="1.2.0" />

   .. tab:: SDK6

      - Add the Mock Framework dependency to your Mock project:

         .. code-block:: kotlin

            implementation("com.microej.library.mock:mock-framework:1.0.1")

      - Add the JavaFX dependency to your Mock project which is required to compile the mock:

         .. code-block:: kotlin

            compileOnly(group="com.microej.tool", name="javafx", version="1.2.0", configuration="provided")

      - Add the Mock Framework and JavaFX annotation processors dependencies to your Mock project:

         .. code-block:: kotlin

            annotationProcessor("com.microej.library.mock:mock-framework:1.0.1")

>             annotationProcessor(group="com.microej.tool", name="javafx", version="1.2.0", configuration="provided")

Reviewer: Fixed
